[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launched an attack on
Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
[NARRATOR] In response,
Doflamingo trapped the kingdom
inside a barrier and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
I have to hold on to something!
Even a loser like me
has some dignity!
This will be my
final battle, Straw Hat!
See it through
to the end with me!
Sticky Launcher!
[groans]
[coughs]
[TREBOL laughs]
You just won't die, huh?
Hey, hey. Hey, Law, c'mon!
I think it's time to
call it quits, little buddy!
[panting]
Take it easy, Law. Rest.
I smell the sweet
aroma of victory.
Now fight! Don't make me wait!
[GLADIUS]
Hmph! This should shut you up.
Oh no.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Gladius! Wait! You can't!
He's turned the whole
area into a bomb!
[GLADIUS]
You know what happens next?
You've been plotting this
for ages now, haven't you?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasping]
Run for your lives!
Get away!
[CAVENDISH]
Hey, Bartolomeo!
Everything in the area
is about to blow!
Let me inside
your barrier, quick!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Not a chance.
Why not?
If I open it, that'll put
me and Miss Robin in danger.
Also, enemies might sneak in.
But I'm your ally!
You can't just leave me to die!
Gladius, sir! You're gonna
blow us up, too!
[GLADIUS] You'll be fine.
You're professionals, after all.
Lemme in! Lemme in!
[yells]
[GLADIUS]
Pop Rock Fest!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[LUFFY]
"A Strong Wind and a Surge!
Hakuba vs. Dellinger!"
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES screaming]
[GLADIUS]
Farewell, Cavendish.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES screaming]
[sighs] If you'd been
stuck out there,
that woulda wiped
you out for sure.
Exactly! So why'd you wait
until the last second?
I could've died!
How about a "thank you"?
Is that any way to
act towards someone
who just saved your life?
I've been out there
fighting all on my own!
Where's my thank you?
Bite me!
That's enough!
Let me outta here!
We need to win!
Really? You scream at me
and beg to come in
and now you want out again?
Can't stick around for
five minutes, just to be polite?
Show some manners!
It's not your house!
We're fighting a battle, okay?
Time for offense!
[BARTOLOMEO] I'm not
letting you in next time!
If I'm about to die,
you'd better!
You wanna win this fight or not?
[CAVENDISH]
We'll settle this later!
My barrier, my rules.
So go find your own,
you little freeloader!
Crap! Miss Robin!
Okay, she's doing fine!
That's all that matters!
[ROBIN] I'll be there
soon, Rebecca! Stay safe!
[GLADIUS] You cunning
little tramp! How dare you!
You've caused the Executives
enough trouble! This ends now!
Catapult Pop!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Barrier-bility...
Racket!
[GLADIUS]
Huh?
[laughs] The rest can suck it,
but you ain't laying a finger
on Miss Robin, pal!
[GLADIUS] Dammit! I thought
I'd blown him up!
[BARTOLOMEO] Take it to
the bank, Miss Robin!
I got your back!
Woohoohoohoo!
[ROBIN]
Aw, Rooster. Thank you!
I can't believe it!
She just winked at me!
Aww yeah! That's the stuff!
She was totally like
"Thanks, little Rooster.
You can be my slave.
I'll even step on you,
if you behave!" Right?
Okay, okay, sorry!
Gotta check yourself, Barto!
Keep that one in
the realm of fantasy!
Anyway, dude!
This is good stuff! I'm hyped!
[CAVENDISH grunts]
[GLADIUS] Huh? Cavendish? You
were behind the barrier, too?
Unfortunately for you, Gladius!
Blade of Beauty!
[GLADIUS]
Brachium.
Gladius, help!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[BOTH gasp]
[BARTOLOMEO yells]
[GLADIUS, CAVENDISH]
Bartolomeo?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Barrier Bulls!
It protects him, but it's
crushing all of us!
Thanks, Miss Robin!
All it takes is one little wink
and my heart lights up
like an inferno!
[BARTOLOMEO yelling]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Okay, Bartolomeo, that's enough!
You're gonna crush your ally!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Sorry, Cabbage,
but there's a good reason
why I can't stop!
And what might that be?
[BARTOLOMEO] Cuz I'm feelin'
super jazzed, baby!
Oh, that's lovely!
[BARTOLOMEO] I'm high as a kite!
Can't stop this train!
[CAVENDISH] Well, hit the
emergency brake, moron!
[BARTOLOMEO]
No can do!
[GLADIUS]
Dellinger!
[DELLINGER]
Hm?
[GLADIUS] Haven't you cleaned up
the second level yet?
Hey, Gladius! Going for a jog?
I'll join you in a sec, okay?
[GLADIUS]
All right, but make it quick!
Nico Robin is climbing to
the top and I can't stop her
because my hands are full
with these two idiots!
[laughs] That's funny!
I can't wait to join the party!
I said, "ignore me
at your own peril."
We're not finished yet!
You don't know
how to take a hint,
do you, Mister Longarm?
[DELLINGER] So you've been
hiding your extra joints
in those weird
shoulder thingies.
That's kinda creepy, really.
I know you're
a champion fighter,
but you've got a hole
in your stomach.
Just drop dead already.
[panting] This is a man's world.
And that means I'm bound
by a sense of duty.
To all those brave fighters
who fell before me.
[chuckles]
[DELLINGER laughs]
Ahh! How noble of you!
Cut the crap.
[DELLINGER squeals]
[DELLINGER laughs] You're
getting slow! What happened?
[laughing]
[groaning]
[IDEO gasps]
[IDEO panting]
What a nuisance.
You're a stubborn one.
[DELLINGER]
If you'd played dead,
I might have spared your life.
What's the point of
standing up now, huh?
I can still buy time at least.
I hope that's enough.
All we have to do
is keep you busy
until Straw Hat pounds
the tar outta Doflamingo.
So beat me if you like.
But the only victory
that matters,
I'll win with my allies.
As a team!
[DELLINGER chuckles]
[DELLINGER] So instead of
calling it "defeat,"
you call it a "noble
sacrifice"? [laughs]
Spoken like a true loser.
"Sense of duty"
is a shackle for the weak.
[IDEO gasps]
[DELLINGER]
I'm no ordinary human, either.
The strength of a Fighting Fish
courses through every muscle.
I'm here, Gladius!
You still need my help?
Where'd you go?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES groan]
Gladius, hello?
[GLADIUS] Dellinger! Go back
down! It's too dangerous here!
There's a deadly enemy!
That doesn't sound like you!
C'mon, I've seen the
competition, and if we team up,
there's nobody that can beat us!
[DELLINGER groans]
[GLADIUS]
Dellinger!
Are you all right?
[DELLINGER]
Damn. What the hell just hit me?
[groans] That was
too fast to follow.
[DELLINGER] You're like
a monster. But who are you?
Say something.
[GLADIUS]
Damn it. He's finished.
Whoa, jeez! What is
going on out there?
That little creep with the horns
and all the soldiers
totally ate it.
One dude did all of that?
Oh man, that guy's
freaky as hell!
What is up with that face?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Wait, who is that?
He's dressed like Cabbage,
but that can't be him.
I mean, can it?
Uh... Wait a sec.
Something just like this
happened back at the coliseum,
during the D Block fight.
[snoring]
[GYATS]
I'm speechless, folks!
Just like that,
the whole ring is out cold!
He cleared out those gladiators
in the blink of an eye.
[BARTOLOMEO] The clothes,
the hair, the sword.
All Cavendish.
But that face is
somebody else-dish.
[BARTOLOMEO] So what kinda
"dish" are we dealing with here?
[BARTOLOMEO shrieks]
That was too fast to even see!
Holy crap, this guy's scary!
Hey, creepy-face! Who are you?
Cabbage? Is that you,
old buddy, old pal?
[chuckles]
[laughing]
Aw, too bad!
You can't flip out on my ass
while I'm inside my barrier!
It sucks to be you, huh? Huh?
You can zip around
as fast as you like,
but you're not getting in.
Even if you ask nicely!
As long as I cross
my fingers like this,
I'm one hundred
percent creep-proof,
freak-proof,
and homicidal maniac proof.
[BARTOLOMEO laughs]
[BARTOLOMEO]
No! I forgot a spot!
What d'you wanna
kill me for, anyway?
If you're mad about me kicking
you out earlier, get over it!
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
What were you looking at
up there, you big weirdo?
Don't get any funny ideas, okay?
Hey, are you listening to me?
Oh no!
You come back here and fight me!
Leave Miss Robin alone!
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
Sick move!
That was wicked awesome!
Thank goodness! I'm so relieved.
I was really scared for a sec!
[ROBIN]
Why don't you calm down?
You're not going anywhere
on my watch.
That's quite a wicked
look on your face.
Poor Cabbage.
D'you need something?
[NARRATOR] Halted on her ascent
to the Sunflower Field,
Robin is vulnerable to
an attack from Gladius
and his deadly Rupture powers.
But Bartolomeo's loyalty
to Luffy and his friends
knows no bounds,
and he is determined to protect
his beloved Miss Robin,
even if it costs him his life.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Barrier-Barrier!
Homage Holy Fist Strikes!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!